This document describes on overview on the tasks to port the AI code:

In the first step I've put all the code over, and make sure it builds within the new WPI environment. 

Initial pruning of RobotControlCommon
 I have commented out RobotControlCommon class as this interfaces with the Robot WPI library calls, and we may need to change this, but then again we may not need to, but for this first iteration I do not need to worry about this as I want the simulation to work. (More on this later).  The thing to know about this is that all applied voltage and all encoder, digital input, and analog inputs come through this interface, and can be delegated or simulated, and stubbed out.

Initial pruning of Joystick
The same is true for the joystick inputs, it will be easy for us to share functionality to these, or handle this externally, once again this is not important at the moment as goals do not need to worry about this.

About FRC2019 robot:
The way this works is that this class is a container for all the systems we intend to use, it currently has systems for the 2015 robot and we'll want to change some of the subsystems as we know what they will be.  What will be common is the drive and most likely the arm, so we can set up some simple set point goals for these to get started, and then change the subsystems once we know what they are.

Simulation:
Fortunately, the simulation already works in the simulation folder... it's just a matter of making it run in VS2017 without any ties to OSG.  In the first iteration it will call the goals process directly, and perhaps we can make it command driven to switch the goals.  I may then have it simply call the Robot main code directly, and it run through its paces through teleop and auton as we integrate the goals to the actual running environment.

More on RobotControl:
The robot control is the interface where all the voltage is applied, as well as pulling sensor data.  It is very generic, so it will be very easy to co-exist with the environment used already.  We can discuss how to do that once we get a good proof of concept working in the goals.

FRC2019_Goals.cpp
We should have one file for all the goals.  I've done this in 2014 and for Curivator, so I can demonstrate how it interfaces with the robot, and explain how all the base tools are easily accessible, as we start a goal library... it can all be in one class, the trick is that the IDE can collapse well to work.  It's conceivable to develope them in VS2017, fortunately VS Code has ctrl k-'0' to collapse.  Essentially all the code is declared and implemented in the same place so its easy to quickly change the goals as needed.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Iteration 2:

So far everything written above has been successful, and now I need to layout some goals for the next iteration.  I'll put these in order of importance.

RobotControl integration is the most important.  There are 2 ways to achieve this, 1 is to rewrite the interface and point them to the existing convention.  The other is a hybrid solution where some will use the existing convention.  To save time, I'm going to go with the other.  The way it works is that RobotControlCommon currently is Lua driven to assign the interface to a control.  If a control isn't shown in the LUA then no resources are allocated.  This makes it possible to co-exist for long term its hard to say which convention we end up using, and its possible that some resources are shared... for this I may make robot control common able to link over providing callback overrides.  Once robot control builds we'll be able to start testing the goals on either robot, and its possible to do so because each robot has its own lua, so the code can be identical for both.

On the low end of things... We'll see where vision and gyro are, as we can make goals for them and run real tests to see how well they work.  For gyro, the goal is already written, but some work will need to be done to integrate the gyro (I can explain or fix this when we get there).  The same is true for vision an example code for that has been written as well and we can start testing its ability to track the target.  Also, check on the status of encoders on the drive.

Provide an arm example, much like drive forward, will have a height and the elevator goes to that height.

Get controls to work on the simulation as I'll need them to start teleop goals

Make example of a teleop goal (e.g. 180 and 90 buttons for drive)
a)  Make it easy to implement for client code
b)  Make it easy to specify which goals are mutually exclusive with each other, and with other teleop operations
c)  Evaluate use case on end game

Make a new robot viewer or investigate other simulators
